[core] add doc for dropping `WorkerId` label (#59147)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/reference/system-metrics.rst

.. note::

  Certain labels are common across all metrics, such as `SessionName` (uniquely identifies a Ray cluster instance), `instance` (per-node label applied by Prometheus), and `JobId` (Ray job ID, as applicable).

  Starting with Ray 2.53+, the `WorkerId` label is no longer exported by default due to its high cardinality. 
  We do not expect this to be a breaking change, as none of Ray’s built-in components rely on this label. 

>   However, if you have custom tooling that depends on `WorkerId` label, please take note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  However, if you have custom tooling that depends on `WorkerId` label, take note of this change.
```

  You can restore or adjust label behavior using the environment variable `RAY_metric_cardinality_level`:

>   - `legacy`: Preserve all labels. (This was the default behavior before Ray 2.53)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `legacy`: Preserve all labels. (This was the default behavior before Ray 2.53.)
```
